I'm just misses says it it's the top of
the net Odette ball that ball dribbled
over soft toss been a little bit late
but hits the top of that and just falls
over on the forehand side give them on
tries to keep Game one close 64 not
watch the short serve to the center of
the table one takes it with the backhand
look let's go and control this point oh
these players like the topspin from off
the table look let's go a little bit too
long intense autoservis return another
one that's a second one on the last
three points table tennis etiquette he
puts up his hand saying you sorry for
that loopy doesn't like it at all every
six points players can go to the towel
regroup quickly
so the one does just that this looks
like a forehand beforehand match up and
feel them on inside out take some so
important to control toss bit of look
let's watch the replay here there's a
side spin serve a little bit long look
let's go gets the top spin attack going
feel along with the power top spin watch
him slide and fall on the floor but
leaves the court open and Lupul SQ does
not miss it he put everything into the
Hat banking on the fact that Luke
waleska wouldn't return caught the edge
done a few breaks in this game and
taking advantage of those to rally and
tie local SQ in Game one I would think
Andre should attack the backhand a
little bit more in control tossed in
rallies it looks like loop illescas a
little bit stronger a little more
control Oh a wild backhand there it's
one of the weaknesses of Phil avani he's
a power player but sometimes goes for
too much he misses that one off the edge
of his racquet 874 Lupescu critical
moment in Game one short return to serve
Lupul SQ tries to attack it but that net
cord is unforgiving a tall long first
game lots of momentum changes wow that's
exciting table tennis at forehand a
forehand exchange side tops been served
look let's go flips it there's the power
of Philemon the ball goes long molesky
tries to go down the line that's a
difficult shot Wow look at that backhand
over the top that was tell you
close the whole way through in game 1 11
a game for killin and philemon does take
the first game 11-8 a few rallies a few
breaks they'll take it in the best out
of five game one is complete game two
nests